---
title: Making a Blog
date: 2026-03-16
---

# Why make a blog?
More like why *haven't* I made a blog yet! I feel like almost every cool developer has to have a really cool blog, and not the Medium paywalled generic tutorial garbage, an *actual* blog, oozing with expertise on the most niche technical know-how. I really admire them for their simplicity - Times New Roman, no bs buttons, UI be damned. Just links and links to all the knowledge in the world. As much as I do admire a pretty website, I think there's something to be said about the understated artistry behind these blogs, a reflection of older eras before SEO and the people who still don't care for it. It's utilitarian, it's proletarian. It's the kind of egalitarity that's hard to find in our modern world - a website so minimal that it can run on almost every device so long as it can render text.

Okay, that may be a bit overboard. And I definitely don't consider myself senior enough in any sense of the word to overlook the power of a good UI. Still, it makes for a good project, and I'm having a lot of fun learning about using Eleventy. It's my first time using a static site generator, and within minutes I already have something that can render this. How's that for speed? I'm hoping to continue adding to this, and expanding this blog to encompass a personal website as a whole, which I've been sorely needing as part of and to showcase my portfolio.

If anyone is reading this, I hope you're enjoying it as much as I am writing this and making this site!

